Groundwater pumping near a connected stream can reduce streamflow
Existing fixed-stage analytical models force aquifer drawdown toward
Observed stream drawdown begins later than aquifer drawdown.
Two-dimensional anisotropic drawdown equation with a stream
Head-difference-driven stream-aquifer transfer flux
Time-dependent stream drawdown governed by finite channel storage
Dimensionless equations controlled by stream conductance and
Laplace-domain equations retaining cross-stream and along-stream
Ordinary differential equations in cross-stream position indexed by
Laplace-domain aquifer and stream drawdown resolved along the stream
Physical-time aquifer and stream drawdown at each spatial position
Finite-storage responses bracketed by impermeable-barrier and
Stream-depletion rate normalized by pumping rate
Denoised water-level time series
Pumping-associated drawdown series
Estimated conductivity, specific storage, conductance, and
Estimated covariance matrix V
Marginal variance for each fitted parameter
Standard error for each fitted hydraulic parameter
Finite channel storage makes stream stage a transient state and limits